Ordinary Britons feel ‘swamped’ with anti-immigrants


Large numbers of regular hard-working ordinary families complain that they feel ‘swamped’ and ‘overrun’ with anti-immigration policy drives, a study by the think-tank has shown.

The Policy and Legislation Examination Board (PLEB) has revealed in their research that the majority of hard-working, ordinary, hard-working families feel that the Britain’s cultural identity is being eroded by an increasing volume of extreme-right anti-immigration views.

‘It’s just getting completely out of hand,’ said Tony Normal, a hard-working worker from Workington. ‘You go into the town centre, go into Primark, and everywhere you go there’s just anti-immigrant views. It makes me feel like a stranger in my own country.’

‘My daughter was brought up here, she’s being trying to get a job for months but there’s nothing left,’ said Irene Bog-Standard, from Hull. ‘She just wants a normal job in Conservative policy research like any other girl, but they’ve all been taken by these anti-immigration types who’ve come in and pushed out the local people. It’s like an open door, isn’t it?’

A similar picture is being seen in formerly chilled-out and bitchin’ places such as Surrey in the south of England. ‘I used to able to just walk in here for a marguerita on a Wednesday afternoon and have a good chat about the benefits of multiculturalism or the best way to make Baba Ganoush’, says Bill Bowe, standing outside the Woking Working Mens’ Club. ‘But now I can’t even get to the bar. It’s just full of smelly honkys with pints in their hands banging on about stockbroking and white power.’ Asked what he thought was the cause of the change in culture, he responds ‘Well, they’re after the benefits aren’t they? They come here, don’t contribute anything, just spend their time playing golf and living off the state. And the way they talk, you can’t even understand them can you? I mean, what the hell is a tax haven?’.

Research undertaken by PLEB does seem to bear out these views. It has recorded a sharp rise in anti-immigration across Europe, up 16 per cent on last year. The underlying cause of the spike is unclear, but it is thought to be related to a rise in grassroots activism in response to a knee-jerk irrational phobia of brown people.

New activist platforms have sprung up in the last few months, such as the extreme-right pressure group NIMBYBBB, Not In My Backyard You Black Bastards (B), formed after Not In My Backyard You Black Bastards (A) was disbanded following confusion. In Europe, the German organisation Pergoda has recently seen a surge in support, although when contacted, did not know what its policies are.

Professor Dominic Senile, an expert in culture studies at a university, believes that countering the problem requires long-term commitment to the issue. ‘Some would say that the best solution would be the education of these Nazis and their normalisation and integration into society. However, we have seen that other countries have had success with aimless protest, lazy reactionism and complete and utter ignorance. So before we think about killing, we should try that.’
